Warn about python/dev (#270)
Azure/azure-cli-dev-tools: README.md

## Setting up your development environment

> 1. Install Python 3.6+ from http://python.org. Please note that the version of Python that comes preinstalled on OSX is 2.7. Also install python-dev apt package (at least on ubuntu) or you will have psutil issues #269

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Python 3.6+ from http://python.org. Please note that the version of Python that comes preinstalled on OSX is 2.7. Also install `gcc` and `python-dev` apt package or `python3-devel` rpm package on Linux, otherwise you will have psutil issues #269
```
